OverconstrainedError | remove {{securecontext_header}} & update inherits information (#31061)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/overconstrainederror/index.md

browser-compat: api.OverconstrainedError
---

{{APIRef("Media Capture and Streams")}}

> The **`OverconstrainedError`** interface of the {{domxref("Media Capture and Streams API", "", "", "nocode")}} indicates that the set of desired capabilities for the current {{domxref('MediaStreamTrack')}} cannot currently be met. When this event is thrown on a MediaStreamTrack, it is muted until either the current constraints can be established or until satisfiable constraints are applied.

Reviewer: Different people do different things here, but personally I think it is better just to use a Markdown link when linking to an API overview page, as it's not a concrete part of an interface, and forces us into this `"", "", "nocode"` thing.

> The **`OverconstrainedError`** interface of the {{domxref("Media Capture and Streams API", "", "", "nocode")}} indicates that the set of desired capabilities for the current {{domxref('MediaStreamTrack')}} cannot currently be met. When this event is thrown on a MediaStreamTrack, it is muted until either the current constraints can be established or until satisfiable constraints are applied.

Author: ```suggestion
The **`OverconstrainedError`** interface of the [Media Capture and Streams API](/en-US/docs/Web/API/Media_Capture_and_Streams_API) indicates that the set of desired capabilities for the current {{domxref('MediaStreamTrack')}} cannot currently be met. When this event is thrown on a MediaStreamTrack, it is muted until either the current constraints can be established or until satisfiable constraints are applied.
```
